MSA developer support to call app API (#9085)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/application.md

> | signInAudience | String | Specifies what Microsoft accounts are supported for the current application. Supported values are:<ul><li>`AzureADMyOrg`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in my organization’s Azure AD tenant (i.e. single tenant)</li><li>`AzureADMultipleOrgs`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant (i.e. multi-tenant)</li> <li>`AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account, or a work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| signInAudience | String | Specifies the Microsoft accounts that are supported for the current application. Supported values are:<ul><li>`AzureADMyOrg`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in my organization’s Azure AD tenant (single tenant)</li><li>`AzureADMultipleOrgs`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant (multi-tenant)</li><li>`AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account, or a work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant.</li></ul> |
```

| tags |String collection| Custom strings that can be used to categorize and identify the application. Not nullable.|
| tokenEncryptionKeyId |String|Specifies the keyId of a public key from the keyCredentials collection. When configured, Azure AD encrypts all the tokens it emits by using the key this property points to. The application code that receives the encrypted token must use the matching private key to decrypt the token before it can be used for the signed-in user.|

> | uniqueName | String | The unique identifier for the application that is assigned to an application when created through Azure Resource Manager. Immutable. Read-only. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| uniqueName | String | The unique identifier that's assigned to an application when the application is created through Azure Resource Manager. Immutable. Read-only. |
```

Author: For some reason the tool did not allow me to "Commit suggestion". I manually applied this suggested change.

> | uniqueName | String | The unique identifier for the application that is assigned to an application when created through Azure Resource Manager. Immutable. Read-only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| uniqueName | String | The unique identifier for the application that is assigned to it when it is created through Azure Resource Manager. Immutable. Read-only. |
```
